shopping_bkt/ReadMe.md, before:

# Homework: Shopping list, Web Dev, week11

<hr>

## Brief

Create a front-end JavaScript application that allows users to input shopping items and see them displayed in a list.

### UI
- [x] Should contain a navbar with appropriate nav links
- [x] User should be able to navigate to back and forth between pages
- [x] should make use of bootstrap 4

### Shopping list
- [x] Create a form in HTML with inputs for relevant fields
- [x] User should be able to view a list of items
- [x] user should be able to add an item to the shopping list
- [x] user should be able to remove an item
- [x] User should be able to remove all items (clear)

### calculator

 - [] UI should display a calculator with nine buttons (not including operators)
 - [] UI should be coded using html css (or bootstrap4)
 - [] Should allow a user to selector buttons on calc to display on screen
 - [] Should allow user to selector appropriate operator before submitting calculation (i.e., 'equals')
 - [] Should display the correct calculation on screen
 - [] Should display a message to user if NaN is input
 - [] Should allow user to clear screen

Commit message:

added few bits of styling and tweaks

shopping_bkt/ReadMe.md, after:

# Homework: Shopping list, Web Dev, week11

<hr>

## Brief

Create a front-end JavaScript application that allows users to input shopping items and see them displayed in a list.

### UI
- [x] Should contain a navbar with appropriate nav links
- [x] User should be able to navigate between pages
- [x] should make use of bootstrap 4

### Shopping list
- [x] Create a form in HTML with inputs for relevant fields
- [x] User should be able to view a list of items
- [x] user should be able to add an item to the shopping list
- [x] user should be able to remove an item
- [x] User should be able to remove all items (clear)

### basic calculator

 - [x] UI should be coded using html css (or bootstrap4)
 - [x] Should allow user to selector appropriate operator before submitting calculation (i.e., 'equals')
 - [x] Should display the correct calculation on screen
 - [x] Should allow user to clear screen

#additional improvements
- [] UI should display a calculator with nine buttons (including operators)
- [] calculator should allow multiple operations to be appended to previous calculations
- [] should not allow more than two '.' decimal placings per number;
- [] add additional styling to calculator
